what's up ladies and gentlemen and
everyone between how are we well as you
can see there's another fight champion
part 10 I guess there's gonna be an
eleventh fight there something like that
well before I showed you this fight or
fight this fight I wanted to show you my
skill set and skill tree whatever you
want to call it and as you can see I've
upgraded my chin and heart all I maximum
and my combination is pretty high so I
can fall it's self-explanatory why but
so I can throw more combination together
without getting tired the chin is
basically stutter resistance to the head
stem since their body for the heart and
all that stuff I've also operated my
right uppercut which I'm gonna try to
utilize more often along with my right
hook which is like my surprise punch but
my my straight my left shade is gonna be
my my stun punch my knockout punch
everything's just coming along um so
yeah so yeah you know let's fight this
fight
we are fighting Jesse Lee and let me
show you this dude right quick
he's that overall of 81 a lot more
fights than I do how far rank is way
higher 33 wins 13 by decisions and 18
Kos got boom he's only lost five times
so um so yeah um he's got an OD qual
that's good he's not gonna be a dirty
fighter
so let's fight this fight come on baby
but um I do have some news for those of
you that watched my Gears of War videos
and my stream I'm gonna start putting up
recorded videos not from my stream but
from just me playing not streaming
because I know some of you don't really
come to come here to watch don't like
coming here to watch the stuff that
you've already seen on the stream the
day before or the night before or a few
hours before or whatever
so I'm gonna I'm gonna try to give you
content and commentaries on just on non
stream products and stuff like that so
I'm gonna record games just you know it
makes it I guess a little bit um better
for all you guys that watch my trainee
streams that don't don't like I said I
don't want to see all the all the other
stuff don't want to see it again or
whatever I mean the highlights yeah I
won't you know get the snaps of the days
and stuff like that but full games I'm
not gonna upload on youtube but anyways
let's fight this Lee guy right here um
um I think my stamina is at a point
where I could pretty much do whatever I
want
well actually I can be more aggressive
now do whatever I want
that's what I'm gonna do I'm a shot or
knock this guy out early and if I can't
then all then I'm gonna get fucking it
in the last you know in the last few
rounds I'm gonna lose but I'm gonna take
a chance and attack them early on so
these fights don't take that long we'll
see what happens here we go come on Lee
come on Lee
oh this guy has no idea what's coming
for him slow ice-t-- punches like that
oh my goodness - easy - oh shit
let's go oh damn I'm getting my ass
kicked right now maybe this guy's better
than I thought
we'll see I can't hit my right hug so
I'm going to go with I step back left
like that so very golden we'll be fine
Oh shucks house like quick guys left oh
yeah baby oh yeah oh oh yeah come on Lee
Oh see the same night that boom boom
boom baby let's go left for the win baby
let's go that laugh is quick it's
powerful and it stuns them oh come on
game that was a perfectly terrible punch
that he threw what what see this I'm too
good for this game it's making me miss
on purpose oh yeah oh yeah cheer look at
that look at that baby let's go let's go
oh yeah oh yeah get your ass down
did you see that combination though look
at this uppercuts hooks hooks uppercuts
and Lee to the ground let's go baby say
by the belt oh no is he not the first
run no no no no what'd I say let's go
baby let's go baby
looks like I'm gonna have to keep
finding these fights because I'm FINA
knock somebody out on a famous start
I'm gonna start ending my videos with a
question of the day for you folks one
question for each game so I say if I
upload a finite I would have a question
for that 2k question for that and gears
called video whatsoever so one for a
shame so question of the day today is
what
color shirt did you are today and did it
stay clean so two questions but it's a
holiday two questions just one so
anyways that is it I will see you and I
will well I don't know what I'm gonna do
but yeah stay golden ladies and
gentleman and everyone in between